# Interactive-Graphics
Crocodile&amp;Kangaroo 3d Game


Introduction
Software made for this project could be a 3D version of the game (crocodile chasing kangaroo). In crocodile, the player controls a crocodile that needs to eat as several preys as doable. and there are two different kinds of the preys first(food), Once the crocodile grub a prey, the player user gains one score and therefore the player gains associate quantity of points that depends on the sort of the prey. second (the kangaroo), once the crocodile grub the kangaroo the player user gains five scores, The player loses if the crocodile hits the moving and fixed obstacles, hits an associate obstacle or steps over any of the sides of the surroundings. In this explicit version, there are 2 sorts of preys as we mentioned above: The kangaroo and the prism whose technical aspects are going to be delineated within the following section of this report. The prism simply stands within the same location until the crocodile grub it. The player gains one point once the crocodile grubs it. The kangaroo, on the opposite hand, moves at random within the surroundings. If the crocodile grub the kangaroo, the player gains 5 points. Each preys regenerated once more in an exceedingly random location of the surroundings as shortly because the crocodile grubs them.
This version of the game has one level and therefore the speed of the crocodile is mounted however the code can be simply changed so as to alter each the surroundings and the speed of the crocodile. The player will act with the game through the arrow keys (to move the crocodile) and with the key Enter so as to pause the game
